the sharp barreto is enough to give the third consecutive victory to that chorus
worth the second place in the ranking i'm a wonderful atmosphere of twinning
among the two supporters at the San Nicola there is the seasonal record of spectators are
in 15 thousand push their own heroes
mutti chooses a prudent 5 4 1 sends newcomers into the field cannarsa coppola
in attack it replaces the disqualified from Naples the injured fava with the solo
turienzo supported by shoe before the beginning the captain of the bari gillet
lays a bouquet of flowers under the curve in memory of the red and white fan
disappeared during the trip to watch the Modena race without
caputo e colombo antonio conte confirms 4 4 2 with cava and salvatore masiello
on the wings and in attack the duo barreto mottled only bench for the jewel
lanzafame alice to lead the game are the hosts that Janus
they would have the opportunity to take the lead with Salvatore Masiello
the grenades suffer motion on the wings the winning move to count the displacement
on the left of kamata the ambulance now immediately a great beauty with the young pee
pee first tries the conclusion without the right aim then gets the punishment
from which comes the advantage of the bari
to transform the inactive ball we think the best gunner of the cockerels of the
his favorite tile paulo vitor barreto puts in the work sound
seasonal with a precise parable that with the meeting we will be defending
fin opponent moved you too early to the first post
the net does not shake so much throws at Salerno that it has a lot of good will
but it seems too expensive intina attack with Argentine turienzo as generous as
abandoned to himself the bar instead would like to eagle to close instead
and he relies on speed and hemp inspiration in very big
day and defense grenade is saved thanks to the providential intervention of
Cardinal at the end of time also tries to parisi on punishment but this time
pina does not let herself be caught in the 4/2 multipass shoot
your place to increase your team's offensive potential
in return, however, it is the landlords who make themselves first dangerous on the axis
barreto kamata mappy ever attentive of breast with the passing of the team of
muted in this determination, he raises his center of gravity starting to make itself
to see with some frequency from the parts of the chile just before the hours of
masiello savior game for origis and the provocation of fusco and constrains
the referee candussio ahahah waving the red direct count decides wisely
to cover oneself by recalling frown and hemp instead of muted lanzafame instead
inserts ciarcia in place of soligo down horns of the sun entered comes a
good ball for shoe that does not have much luck the hosts try to
close the gates to risk little and maybe hit the counterattack a15 from
barreto term work a big ball for parisi that free a big left
but once again he finds the finals in the finals of Salerno
he builds so much the evanescent victory of 25 October but never with too much
new arrivals have already seen a few steps forward and with the contribution of
the situation should improve further in the area
cesarini bari ba close to doubling twice with de vezze lanzafame matilde
only 0 is enough to win the third consecutive victory
and continue to fight again for the title of camper in winter because in the
2009 the count team wants to take off the label